README.md, before:

# ForgeKit

ForgeKit is a modular scaffolding tool that helps you spin up full‑stack projects with your choice of frontend, backend and UI frameworks. It creates the initial directory structure, initializes Git and installs required dependencies so you can start coding right away.

## Prerequisites

- Node.js (version 18 or later recommended)
- npm or yarn
- Git installed and available in your PATH

## Example Usage

Install the package globally and run the CLI:

```bash
npm install -g @forgekit/cli
forge
```

Running `forge` will prompt you step‑by‑step for a frontend, UI library, backend
and optional database. Choices are filtered so only compatible combinations are
shown. The project is created in the directory where you executed the command
and when scaffolding finishes you will be dropped into a shell inside the new
project folder.

The tool can also be configured programmatically. Example configuration from the project plan:

```ts
{
  projectName: "acme-site",
  frontend: "react-vite",
  backend: "express",
  ui: "tailwind",
  targetDir: "./acme-site"
}
```

You can also use `npx` without installing globally:

```bash
npx @forgekit/cli
```
This behaves the same as the global install, prompting for details and placing
you in the newly created project directory when finished.

If the `forge` command is not found after a global install, ensure your npm
global bin directory is in your `PATH`.
You can typically add it with:

```bash
$env:Path += ";$(npm bin -g)"
```

You can verify your environment at any time with the built in doctor command:

```bash
forge --doctor
```

## `forge deploy`

Run this command to publish your project. It will:

- Build the project.
- Bundle your build output into `bundle.tar.gz` (defaults to `dist/`, overridable with `--build-dir`).
- Upload the archive to ForgeKit hosting.

If a `forgekit.json` file exists it will be used to auto-detect the build directory based on the scaffolded stack.
The deploy endpoint can be customized with the `FORGEKIT_DEPLOY_URL` environment variable.

Example:

```bash
forge deploy --build-dir .next
```

## Purpose

ForgeKit aims to streamline bootstrapping modern JavaScript projects by providing a collection of ready‑to‑use stacks with minimal setup hassle.


## Development

Run tests with:

```bash
npm test
```

To update the stack documentation after modifying the available options run:


```bash
npm run generate-stack-docs
```

This will regenerate `STACKS.md` based on the registry files.

There is currently no formal CONTRIBUTING guide, but pull requests and issues are welcome.

Commit message:

fix login browser open on windows

README.md, after:

# ForgeKit

ForgeKit is a modular scaffolding tool that helps you spin up full‑stack projects with your choice of frontend, backend and UI frameworks. It creates the initial directory structure, initializes Git and installs required dependencies so you can start coding right away.

## Prerequisites

- Node.js (version 18 or later recommended)
- npm or yarn
- Git installed and available in your PATH

## Example Usage

Install the package globally and run the CLI:

```bash
npm install -g @forgekit/cli
forge
```

Running `forge` will prompt you step‑by‑step for a frontend, UI library, backend
and optional database. Choices are filtered so only compatible combinations are
shown. The project is created in the directory where you executed the command
and when scaffolding finishes you will be dropped into a shell inside the new
project folder.

The tool can also be configured programmatically. Example configuration from the project plan:

```ts
{
  projectName: "acme-site",
  frontend: "react-vite",
  backend: "express",
  ui: "tailwind",
  targetDir: "./acme-site"
}
```

You can also use `npx` without installing globally:

```bash
npx @forgekit/cli
```
This behaves the same as the global install, prompting for details and placing
you in the newly created project directory when finished.

If the `forge` command is not found after a global install, ensure your npm
global bin directory is in your `PATH`.
You can typically add it with:

```bash
$env:Path += ";$(npm bin -g)"
```

You can verify your environment at any time with the built in doctor command:

```bash
forge --doctor
```

## `forge login`

Run this command to authenticate the CLI with your ForgeKit account. Your web
browser will open to complete the login flow and the received token will be
stored in `~/.forgekit/config.json`.

Example config file:

```json
{
  "token": "USER_JWT"
}
```

## `forge deploy`

Run this command to publish your project. It will:

- Build the project.
- Bundle your build output into `bundle.tar.gz` (defaults to `dist/`, overridable with `--build-dir`).
- Upload the archive to ForgeKit hosting.

If you are not logged in, the command will open a browser and prompt you to
authenticate before deploying.

If a `forgekit.json` file exists it will be used to auto-detect the build directory based on the scaffolded stack.
The deploy endpoint can be customized with the `FORGEKIT_DEPLOY_URL` environment variable.

Example:

```bash
forge deploy --build-dir .next
```

## Purpose

ForgeKit aims to streamline bootstrapping modern JavaScript projects by providing a collection of ready‑to‑use stacks with minimal setup hassle.


## Development

Run tests with:

```bash
npm test
```

To update the stack documentation after modifying the available options run:


```bash
npm run generate-stack-docs
```

This will regenerate `STACKS.md` based on the registry files.

There is currently no formal CONTRIBUTING guide, but pull requests and issues are welcome.
